Edited the cheat message to mention tiberium. Not locked behind the meme setting
Ghosts and Spectres are called "Lmao Unit" in the Haven Mission Select

Liberation Day:
Zephyr- Instead of the marine saying the logistics center is a restricted area, Warfield says he has claimed it, nukes you, misses, 
*and says shit in response

Outlaws:
Zephyr- *The crane lifts up tychus, and he says that he'll let you catch up
Added a custom loss message for selling your CC if you don't have a barracks and refinery. Not locked behind the meme setting

Zero Hour:
Tychus is standing on the artifact truck
Instead of hyperion, tauren marine saves you, nukes the zerg

Evacuation:
The APC is super speedy until the colony fence, then goes back to normal
Added Jeff the zergling. You can rescue him if you get too close. Not locked behind the meme setting

Outbreak:
Tychus observes those are infested marines, Jim agrees

Safe Haven:
*Tychus is in the infested pen, and complains about it?
*Zephyr- Selendis yells at you for killing the protoss

Haven's Fall:
*Doctor yells at you for killing the infested

Smash and Grab:
Tychus is the artifact, and complains about his rescue taking too long

The Dig:
Added a custom loss message for selling the drill. Not locked behind the meme setting
Tychus is the artifact, goes back into the temple to use the facilities

The Moebius Factor:

Supernova:
Tychus is the artifact, says it's hot, and that you should get out of there
Tychus says fire in yer hole to Nyon

Maw of the Void:
Tychus is the artifact, complains about being locked up when the vault closes, complains about his prison time after being rescued

The Great Train Robbery:

Cutthroat:
Tychus complains about vulture bikes, Raynor says they can use them to lay mines around base, tychus begrudingly agrees

Engine of Destruction:

Media Blitz:
Warfield unleashes the predators

Piercing the Shroud:
*Zephyr- The hybrid is replaced with swann

Devil's Playground:

Welcome to the Jungle:
Tosh now really rolls his 'o's in Bold Move

Breakout:

Ghost of a Chance:

Whispers of Doom:
Joke about zeratul in loading screen tip

A Sinister Turn:
*Zephyr- The 3 preservers are now Tychus, Swann, and Stetmann. They have a conversation, which ends with Tychus asking if those are vulture bikes, which then appear, they mount, and ride away.

Echoes of the Future:
*Zephyr- Tassadar is now xelnaga kerrigan, zeratul is largely speechless. Use Kerrigan's teasing WOL unit voicelines

In Utter Darkness:
*Zephyr- Talandar is a hero, and throws down with the best of them
*Mohandar just dies after being warped in, is replaced with a Vorazun Void Ray
*Zephyr- Abathur says the essence is dummy thicc before the hybrid start absorbing everything

Gates of Hell:
Tychus complains about infested marines when they show up
*Tychus starts in your base, gives a comment, then runs off. Can be seen running around the map

Belly of the Beast:
Stetmann now says he will eat the queen instead of saying she's dead,
Zephyr- *Jim is speechless,
Cannot be skipped

Shatter the Sky:
Tychus says that hit the spot every time a platform blows,
the first one can't be skipped, the rest can

All-In:
*The artifact is now a tychus mecha
Added a custom loss message for selling the artifact. Not locked behind the meme setting