Importing macro mechanics, resource gathering, tech tree elements, and other mechanics from Command and Conquer 3 into the Starcraft 2 Wings of Liberty Campaign.

Also rebalancing units and upgrades to make them more viable, and missions to make them better, and better handle the new systems.


ECONOMY/MACRO:

There is now only 1 resource. Most resource fields regrow over time.

Each mission has been looked over, most mineral fields and all vespene geysers have been removed. All vespene resource pickups have been replaced with mineral pickups or removed. Mineral Pickups now give 1000. Resource nodes have been placed in various locations throughout the map, to encourage holding and defending more of it.

Primary Structures now construct buildings, then place then on the map instantly. Workers only harvest resources. Workers harvest multiple times before returning.

Gathered resources are now received by Refineries, allowing cheaper/faster expansions, that pay for themselves earlier, better fitting into the idea of having more, smaller resource fields.

SCVs are now produced by the Factory. Changes have been made to either start you with one, or you have the ability to build them.

Starting Worker counts have been reduced, as each one is more effective at gathering, and they no longer build.

Supply has been hijacked to be Power instead. Buildings now require it.

Units and structures now cost resources based on how long they take. 100 minerals per second of buildtime.

Workers harvest resources at roughly 2000/min, under optimal conditions. This means an expansion will pay for itself in under 2 minutes.

Mineral pickups now give 1000 resources.

Vespene pickups now give 2000 resources.




Units now have Veterancy, gaining up to 3 levels as they kill things. Level 1 and 2 give 10% health and damage each. Level 3 gives an additional 30% health, double attack speed, and health regen.

Terran Infantry now use a Squad system, where each Squad unit has multiple members.

+ Upgrades have been removed. 

Flat armour has been removed in favour of damage types, so units do damage based on what they are hitting.

Implemented a topbar of Support Powers.

Terrans, starting at Zero Hour, now have access to the Devastation Turret, an anti-armour defensive weapon.




MISSION SPECIFIC CHANGES:

Liberation Day:
-Raynor now has a railgun that does Cannon damage.
-On the road into town, there is now 3 marines. 2 additional marines are present on Hard, and a Viking is present on Brutal.
-There are now 3 marines starting at mine entrances on hard and brutal on the road.
-The square now has 13 marines. On hard, 3 of them are replaced by a viking. On brutal, it is a firebat instead.
-Each holoboard (after the first) now has at least 2 marines at it. There is 1 more on hard, or a viking on Brutal.
-Moved the marines after the first holoboard back, added a group between them and the holoboard.
-The third viking at the logistics thing is now also present on hard.
-The firebat at the logistics thing is now also present on hard.
-The two statues in the logistics compound now have 2 marines, 3 on hard and above
-There is now 4 marines on the path to the APC from the square. This is increased to 6 on hard, or a viking and 2 marines on Brutal
-Killing 3 and 6 holoboards rewards you with an additional marine squad.
-Killing a holoboard heals all your units, and restores any lost squad members.
-Killing all 6 holoboards gives the Infantry Ultra Capacitors upgrade (+20% infantry attack speed)

The Outlaws:
-Moved Supply Depots at the Rebel Base so a resource node could be placed
-The tank in the main dominion base is now present on Hard.
-Added a mineral pallet next to the broken bridge on the path to the rebel base. This pallet is protected by 5 marines and a medic, and a tank on Brutal.
-A general increase in the number of enemies in the enemy base, and on the path towards it.
-Added a second Bunker of Death on Brutal
-Bunker of Death has been moved slightly

Zero Hour:
-A Resource node is on the low ground, and you start with a refinery there, encouraging holding the low ground
-Pallets to the west of the western bridge replaced with a resource node
-2 additional resource pallets placed in the town
-Reworked how, when, and what attack waves do things to apply more constant and stronger pressure that scales with time
-Muta attack waves are more often, and randomized a bit.
-Starts with 2 devastation turrets, one behind each bridge bunker
-Starting supply depots reduced to 3, but they are upgraded.
-Bridges are wider to accomodate ultras on hard and brutal
-The bridges no longer count as "low ground" for vision.
-The first attack wave only steals your camera on Normal and Casual now

The Evacuation:

Outbreak:

Safe Haven:
-Purifier Mothership no longer has less range than vikings
-Get the "Call in the FLeet - Protoss Edition" support power

Haven's Fall:

Great Train Robbery:

Cutthroat:

Engine of Destruction:

Media Blitz:

Piercing the Shroud:
-Collecting the Chrono Rift device now unlocks a topbar power for future use.

Devil's Playground:

Welcome to the Jungle:

Breakout:
-Give Tosh Psionic Lash
-Give Tosh some sort of energy regen ability
-Add abilities to influence what/when Jim sends attack waves

Ghost of a Chance:

Smash and Grab:

The Dig:
-The Laser Drill now has a really expensive (20K) upgrade that lets you take it with you. It can be deployed, from the topbar, once per mission, for 20K.

The Moebius Factor:

Supernova:

Maw of the Void:
-Rescuing all the DTs gives a single use per mission Support Power to call down 10 DTs.

Gates of Hell:

Belly of the Beast:

Shatter the Sky:

All-in:

Whispers of Doom:

A Sinister Turn:

Echoes of the Future:

In Utter Darkness:



UNIT CHANGES:

Firebat- Rework to be an expensive tanky unit, firing a stream of flame at range, dealing damage around the target.

Medic- Better Healing priority.

Battlecruiser- Can fire on the move. Can fire at both air and ground targets simultaneously. Rebalance of ability energy cost.

Hercules- Tech requirement move from Fusion Core to Armoury. Comparitively Cheaper. Has 2 more slots. Not locked behind research

Wraith-

Bunker- Has 4 slots, fits 1 squad

Predator- Comparitively Cheaper, not locked behind research

Hellion- Now fires constantly

Thor- Reduce damage by 33%


ARMORY UPGRADE CHANGES:

Orbital Command- Unlock support powers on each tech building. Scan on EBay, veteran infantry on shadow ops, veteran vehicles on armoury, yamato strike on fusion core.

Advanced Construction- 

Dual Fusion- General repair speed increase, since SCVs no longer repair

Thermite- Allow Hellion to Fire on the move

Neosteel Bunker-> Shrike Turret, also shrike is buffed

Displacement Field- Dodge chance increased to 40%

Maelstrom-


RESEARCH LAB CHANGES:

Orbital Strike-

Tech Reactor- Replace with Shields for all units

Autogas- Autoharvesting

Command Center Reactor- Reduce build time of structures (Also affects cost)

Orbital Supply Depot- Increase Build Radius

Micro Filtering- SCVs collect more minerals per gather action, without depleting the field more

Ultra-Capacitors- Gives all Ultra Capacitor upgrades permanently

Vanadium Plating- Gives all Vanadium Plating upgrades permanently


Hive Mind Emulator(Maybe)-

Psi Disruptor(Maybe)-

Regenerative Bio-steel- BEEG buff 2% health/s

Cellular Reactor->

Predator->

Hercules-> Cellular Reactor

Shrike Turret->Hi-Sec- Now gives the Hi-Sec upgrade permanently, rather than having to research every mission.

Bunker Health- Now gives the Building Armour upgrade permanently, rather than having to research every mission.


NEW IN-GAME UPGRADES:

Building Health and Armour [Engineering Bay]

Defense turret range [Engineering Bay]

Improved Explosives- All Missile weapons deal more damage (Goliath, Wraith, Viking, Battlecruiser, Thor, Banshee) [Engineering Bay]

Infantry Health and Armour [Shadow Ops]

Ultra Capacitors- 20% attack speed (Separate Upgrade for Infantry/Vehicles/Ships) [Appropriate Tech Lab]

Vanadium Plating- 20% damage reduction (Separate Upgrade for Infantry/Vehicles/Ships) [Appropriate Tech Lab]

Marine Ammo (3 variants, Incendiary(Better against bio/infantry), Explosive(Better against armoured), Railgun(Replaces the marine weapon with a slower-firing hader-hitting railgun(Better against armoured, worse against infantry)) you can only pick 1 during a mission) [Barracks Tech Lab]

Vehicle Health and Armour [Factory Tech Lab]

Improved Engines-Ships move faster [Starport Tech Lab]

Ship Health and armour [Starport Tech Lab]

Blue Flame- all fire weapons deal more damage (Including Marine incendiary ammo) [Armoury]

Railgun Upgrade- Diamondback deals more damage, Goliath ground attack upgraded, Marine Railgun [Armoury]

Improved Shields-Requires the Shield Research. Improves shield stats [Fusion Core]

Improved Energy Weapons-Improves damage of Battlecruiser, Thor, Wraith [Fusion Core]