Repair Drones now do 2% + 10 health/s.
Build radius is now a thing. Buildings must have their center within the radius.
Sensor towers no longer require power, and provide build radius.
There is now a truck to build a sensor tower, buildable from the Command Center.
Infantry Ultracaps now affects Marauder rockets
Fixed shrike turret not spinning
Factories can now build tech labs on Outbreak
Mercs Calldowns are now on the Spec Ops
All Mercenaries now say they're trained from the Topbar
Mercenaries no longer say they have a limit per mission
Mercenaries no longer make references to Squad Size, since that is now a specific thing used elsewhere.
Raynor now has a headache after doing a Zeratul Mission.
The AI will now blink stalkers.
*Added the Orbital Scan support power on the Engineering Bay, unlocked by Orbital Command.
*Added the Nuclear Strike support power on the Spec Ops, unlocked by Orbital Command.
*Added the Banshee Airstrike support power on the Armoury, unlocked by Orbital Command.
Added the Yamato Strike support power on the Fusion Core.

Units:
*Ultras, Colossi, and Thors now crush infrantry they walk over.
Science Vessel heals 5/s, takes 1e/5, up to 3 science vessels can stack.
Imported the HOTS void ray
Immortal Hardened Shield removed, shield health doubled
Sentry Guardian Shield now gives 30% damage resist
Marine damage nerfed to 5. War Pig damage nerfed to 6.75
Medic healing nerfed to 6hp/s for 3E/s
You now get the Predator after 3 missions.
You now get the Hercules after 6 missions.

Upgrades:
*Predator-> Commando Upgrade- Reduced ability cooldown, more ability charges.
*Hercules-> Cellular Reactor- Also increases energy regen
Command Center Reactor now decreases the build time of all units (And the cost)
*CC Reactor now has the correct text
Autogas is now autoharvesting.
*Autoharvesting now has the correct text.
Replenishable Magazine-> EMP- Disables mechanical units on attack
Advanced Construction now decreases the build time of all units (And the cost)
Dual Fusion increases repair speed of Topbar Repair.
*Dual Fusion now says what it actually does.
*Advanced Construction now says what it actually does.
*Orbital Command now says what it actually does.
*HellStorm batteries and Titanium Housing now mention affecting the devastation turret.
Stabilizer Medpack no longer increases heal speed.
*Stabilizer no longer lies about what it does.
*Fixed the tooltip text for Hydraulic Stabilizers
*Tri-lithium power cell flavour text fixed
Maelstrom-> Smart Servos- Reduce transformation time, and can be loaded while sieged
*Maelstrom rounds text fixed.
Hi-Sec now gives defenses 15% attack speed, and costs 2k.
Hi-Sec now says everything it does.
Building Armour now says the correct stuff.
*Added the Improved Railguns upgrade on the Armoury.
*Added the Improved Explosives upgrade on the Engineering Bay.
Vanadium Research text is now correct
Ultracap research text is now correct
U-238 rounds no longer references light armour
The Shrike Turret upgrade now says stuff related to Shrike Turret
The Projectile Accelerator upgrade now mentions that it affects the Shrike Turret.
The second Reaper Armoury upgrade now has the correct tooltip.
The text warning you that choosing the first level of zerg research will lock you out of the other one now correctly says what Hi-sec and Building Armour are.
Hi-Sec and Building Armour lab researches are now correct.
Orbital Supply Drop nerfed to 5/s income (600/min)

Liberation Day:
Added a tip about the existence of Armour and Damage Types

Outlaws:
Removed one of the supply depots at the rebel base
Added a highlight when you build a tech lab, and text for what it does.

Zero Hour:
Added 2 Sensor Towers to give build radius on the low ground
Slightly reduced the zergling scaling based on time.
Moved both of the low ground spines so they don't block the Omegalisks.

Smash and Grab:
Fixed the protoss warping in so many stalkers
Protoss attack waves now happen every 90s instead of every 60.
Protoss attack waves now restart if they manage to rebuild the lower base.
Doubled field regen in the main field
Moved the expansion field back a bit
Fixed Zerg attack wave timings so you can't get 2 stacked attack waves.
Reduced zerg attack wave frequency.
Fixed a freeze that would happen when you killed the nexus or all the gateways in the protoss base.

Evacuation:
You now get a message for upgrades from bonus objectives

Redstone:
Corrected the Minerals from Pickups variable only counting 100 per pickup, and none from gas pickups.

Outbreak:
Added a sensor tower on the south high ground, for build radius around the third entrance
Fixed being unable to make a tech lab from factories.

Bel'shir:
Swapped some void rays for zealots in counterattack waves
Counterattack waves are sent faster
The protoss are no longer very concerned with taking back the Terrazine Field to the west of your base.
Counterattack HT have been pushed back to being after reinforcement wave 5
Counterattacks are now sent right after killing the Warp Prism/Nexus in the area, instead of at the next reinforcement timing.
Reinforcements are warped in 30s after the first unit is killed in an area.
Fixed way too many stalkers being warped in
Fixed reinforcements warping in if the warp prism is dead
Fixed the bullies on the two nexus bases

Trains:
Removed 1 of the starting depots
Removed free vision from trains and kill teams.
Added sensor towers to cover the area around your plateau.

The Dig:
Resources all converted, SCVs deleted, starting refinery placed
Starting infrantry replaced with squads
The protoss defense force for the east shrines now has 3 cannons on brutal
The protoss bases have nodes now
No camera stealing on Hard or Brutal
Cliff on the east side of the east choke is now accessible and slightly larger
Protoss defenders of east temples moved up a bit
The Abandoned Base SCVs no longer mine minerals
Removed the merc compound
Fixed the Unit Move after the cinematic shot taking the hidden refinery entity
The Laser Drill targets faster
The Laser Drill has some interesting notes on it.
Added 3 small nodes to the east protoss base
The 2 main Protoss fields now have 2 medium nodes each
Getting the first bonus now gives you Siege Tank Servo Motors, and a message saying so
Getting the second bonus now gives you Siege Tank Shaped Blast, and a message saying so
The Tal'Darim now start with Extended Thermal Lance
The Tal'Darim now start with Charge (After the no-build segment)
The Tal'Darim now start with Blink (After the no-build segment)
The Tal'Darim now start with Graviton Catapult (After the no-build segment)
The Tal'darim now start warping in non-stop at 5% health remaining, not 3%.
Removed the attack wave based on getting the temple to 33% health.

Cutthroat:
Resources all converted, SCVs deleted, starting refinery placed
Starting infrantry replaced with squads
You now recieve a refinery
You now need to collect 80k minerals.
Scrap now gives 10x the minerals.
Removed unnecessary triggers to award resources when picking up non-scrap
Orlan now mines 1400 minerals per load.
Orlan now has 1 SCV per base
You now start with 1 SCV
Starting infrantry replaced with squads
Reorganized Mira's based to fit a refinery next to the nodes
Mira starts with 2 SCVs instead of 8.
Move'd Orlan's CCs closer to the nodes they mine from
Getting the second bonus now gives you Vulture Cerberus Mine, and a message saying so
Getting the third bonus now gives you Vulture Nanofabricator, and a message saying so
Added a "Dominion Arrives" timer. When they do, they bombard your main, and give Orlan a deathball to kill you with, and another deathball every 5 minutes.

Whispers of Doom:
Zeratul has 100/300, instead of 300/100
Zeratul swole now, 3 charges of blink, restores all 3 charges every 10s, 69% faster attack speed
Abilities are no longer disabled at the start of the mission
Each shrine no longer forces you to wait and listen to Zeratul before continuing.

A Sinister Turn:
2 preservers moved to outposts
Killing a Preserver prison no longer teleports Maar back
Maar now follows zeratul slowly. If zeratul becomes detected by Maar, he moves faster. If zeratul is detected by other means, Maar will teleport to zeratul within a few seconds.
The bonuses no longer warp in extra units
You don't get a base, instead getting zeratul
Zeratul no slap if he's not told to.
Zeratul only gets 1 charge of blink
Zeratul gets a Power ability, to temporarily power any protoss structure
Zeratul gets a Recall ability that autocasts on death. 60s cooldown, recalls him to the void seeker
Zeratul gets a new ability from each of the Dark Shrine, Robotics Facility, and Templar Archives.